---
published: true
title: How to Recover Files Lost in Cut and Paste
layout: post
tags: [recoverfileslostincutandpaste, recoverfileslostaftercutandpaste, recoverfileslostduringcutandpaste, RecoverCutFilesfromSDCard]
categories: [Software]
---
Data loss is the common scenario faced by the computer users. But facing data loss issue during cut and paste is the worst situation for user.  To explain my view I would like to add a practical scenario in this blog post. 

Practical Scenario:

Imagine you were transferring a folder which contains 2GB of images from your SD card to flash drive by cutting and pasting. But unluckily the flash drive got damaged and you lost your important photos.  You will be surely puzzled. This scenario may force you to ask "How to recover files lost in cut and paste"? Is there any way to recover those photos?

The shortcut buttons can sometime be very dangerous. Like for an example we generally use "Ctrl + C", "Ctrl + X" and "Ctrl + V" as these shortcut keys can help you to finish your work easily and quickly.  
Accident happens on regular basis. Data can be easily lost after cut and paste and before you use “Ctrl + V” to paste the data. 

Recovering the lost data during copy and paste files can be a very difficult situation for the users. Whenever you come across such situation it is very important to know how to deal with them. 

First of all, you should never put anything new to the device from which you have lost the data. Rewriting the original data can lead to the data gone forever. Secondly, to recover the lost data you need a professional software like Card Data Recovery Tool. This recovery tool recovers the lost your files lost in cut and paste. 

User usually fears that while cutting and pasting some files you might end up losing the data forever. And it is possible lost files while cutting and pasting but it not impossible to recover files lost in cut and paste. 
This is the best and reliable software to recovery the data easily. It can help you to recover all sorts of data, files from your system and even the storage media devices such as memory card, flash drive and external hard drive.. It even provides a free trial version and the paid version to scan your device properly before recovery! This tool thoroughly scans your device before recovering the data. 

•	It can easily recover any sort of files from your storage device quickly and safely.
•	It supports recovery from recycle bin, memory card, hard drive, flash drive, digital camera and camcorders
•	It can even help you to preview your lost files before recovery and let you selectively recover the lost files. 
•	It supports both Windows and Mac OS.

Try this tool to recover files lost in cut and paste. Hope this post is enough to explain how to recover the lost file during cut and paste.

For more information visit: http://www.carddata-recovery.com/blog/how-to-recover-files-lost-in-cut-and-paste
